City Case Study Investigation — Draft Climate Action Plan Prospectus

Recommended due date: July 28 by 10:00am GMT (6:00am EDT). Final due date: August 4 by 10:00am GMT (6:00am EDT).

This assignment is required for Certificate learners, but all learners are encouraged to complete the City Case Study Investigations.

This assignment will be reviewed by the course instructors for content, but will not include direct instructor feedback.

Assignment Overview
Create a DRAFT of 2 Climate Action Plan components for your case study city, building on your SWOT Analysis and findings about barriers to climate action. Each component should be 200-300 words. You'll share your research in the forum discussion and submit the final prospectus in Week 12.

When developing your policy recommendations, focus on:
- Environmental Justice implications
- Vulnerabilities and environmental stressors in your city
- Overlaps between different Climate Action Plan components

Component Structure
For each of your 2 components, include the following sections:

COMPONENT [1 or 2]: [Policy Name]
1. Context — Current situation and key challenge
2. Opportunity — Specific opportunity for action
3. Policy Recommendation — 200-300 words (your complete component)
4. EJ Implications — Impact on vulnerable communities and equity measures
5. Interactions — How this supports other climate actions and potential synergies

Assignment Completion Process
Review examples of a Draft Climate Action Plan Prospectus (provided in the course materials) for reference before completing this worksheet. Use your completed components to make a post in the Discussion Panel to refine your approach before the final submission.

You will not share this writing as a graded submission this week. Instead, you will utilize the Discussion Panel to discuss your drafts with fellow learners, and learn from each other about the process of developing a Climate Action Plan Prospectus. Your final versions of your Prospectus (Week 12) will be submitted for a graded response.
